# LeetCode-875.-Koko-Eating-Bananas
Koko loves to eat bananas. There are n piles of bananas, the ith pile has piles[i] bananas. The guards have gone and will come back in h hours.Koko can decide her bananas-per-hour eating speed of k. Each hour, she chooses some pile of bananas and eats k bananas from that pile. If the pile has less than k bananas, she eats all of them instead and will not eat any more bananas during this hour.Koko likes to eat slowly but still wants to finish eating all the bananas before the guards return.Return the minimum integer k such that she can eat all the bananas within h hours.

Solution
This code is a Java solution to a problem that involves finding the minimum eating speed for a person to eat a set of piles of bananas within a certain amount of time. The problem provides an array of integers called piles, where each integer represents the number of bananas in a pile. The problem also provides an integer h, which represents the number of hours the person has to eat all of the bananas.

The first method in this code is called valid, and it takes in three parameters: an integer rate, an array of integers piles, and an integer h. This method calculates the time it would take for a person to eat all of the bananas in the piles array at the given rate, and returns true if the time is less than or equal to h, and false otherwise.

The second method in this code is called minEatingSpeed, and it takes in two parameters: an array of integers piles and an integer h. This method calculates the minimum eating speed necessary for a person to eat all of the bananas in the piles array within the given h hours. It first checks if there is only one pile of bananas in the piles array, and if so, calculates and returns the eating speed required to eat that pile in h hours. If there is more than one pile, it sets the maximum number of bananas in a pile as the initial high value for a binary search, and sets low to 1. It then uses a while loop to conduct a binary search for the minimum eating speed required, by repeatedly calling the valid method with different rate values until it finds the lowest rate value that results in a time less than or equal to h. Once it finds this rate, it sets ans equal to it and continues the binary search to try to find a lower rate value, until it can no longer find a valid rate. Finally, it returns the ans value, which represents the minimum eating speed required to eat all of the bananas in the piles array within h hours.
